She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.
Greetings from the real universe.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
So long and thanks for the fish.
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
This is a Japanese doll.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
She cried diamonds.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
He drank life before spitting it out.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.